Add tips about memory usage and GOGC environment variable (#60)
reproio/columnify: README.md

  - An example is `examples/fluent-plugin-s3`
  - It works as a Compressor of fluent-plugin-s3 write parquet file to tmp via chunk data.

## Additional tips

### Set GOGC to reduce memory usage

> `columnify` might consume lots of memory usage depends on a value by `-parquetRowGroupSize`. At least, it needs memory usage of row group size. Actually, it consumes more than double row group size by default. The reason why is depending on Go's garbage collection behavior. To trigger GC frequently, set `GOGC` environment variable.

Reviewer: I'm not good at English, but maybe the following sentences are better:

```suggestion
`columnify` might consume lots of memory depending on a value specified by `-parquetRowGroupSize`. At least, it needs a memory of the row group size. Actually, it consumes more than double the row group size by default. The reason for that depends on Go's garbage collection behavior, and memory usage can decrease by triggering GC frequently. To adjust the frequency, set `GOGC` environment variable.
```
